Keller's too old (18) to go for a long walk, but we hate leaving her at home. Here's my husband's solution.
"Stop listening to stupid people on the internet." My vet's response to reddit.
I am shocked... and disgusted.. by what I'm seeing.
My best friend of 21 years.
Best year ever.
Leia is sho shad :c
occupy cats water
My mom just got home from surgery. Charlie hasn't left her side since - Imgur
Man's dog sold while he was Deployed. He put up an ad on craigslist trying to get him back.
The awkward moment when your cat brings back someones pet rabbit
The place where my two dogs were boarded for the weekend has a facebook page and posts pictures. They appear never to have left each others' sides.
Our poor dog
Look at this crazy bird that wants to come hang out with me at work. My work isn't even fun.
My beagle puppy
The Army is letting us take our COS dogs home.
Reddit this needs more attention. A proposed law will create an animal abuser registry.
This is my puppy Lennon
My cat Marty caught a poor helpless birdy
Petco in my area found throwing away iguanas.
Seeing as it was my cakeday on the 18th, here's a picture of my wolfhounds. Enjoy.
/r/pets, I'm only going to say this ONE MORE TIME
Harts Products Kill. Upvote for visibility please. SAVE YOUR PETS
Pet Stores In LA May Be Required To Sell Only Animals From Shelters Or Rescues
My cockatiel likes to warm himself with my laptop's fan. It makes him fluffy.
Happy 32nd birthday old man!
My dog, happy as shit.
My vain hamster didn't get much love in /r/aww
So I'm staying at my parents' house for a few months. This gal came to greet me, haven't seen her in ages! 
This little lady lived under my porch for a month before she let me pet her.  Now she is happy and healthy living inside with all of us :)
It was his first day at the Humane Society and he tried to run away. I grabbed him and took him home with me. Meet Trip.
What about me, am I still important?!!
My best friend of 21 years.
This is Buddy. Any reddit love for a pretty horse?
Why I love my vet
Annoyance and tolerance: taken to a new level.
Disabled veteran asks for public support; service dog faces euthanasia for biting woman who beat him with metal pole
got no love from r/aww. This is Rorschach- one of the three puppies that we're currently fostering.
Ben and Phoebe, German Shepherd pups! 
Why I get up early on my day off to volunteer at my local shelter. 
She is new; I don't know her name yet , but she has already stolen my heart
This is how I know the mail carrier came by...
We aren't cats but if we fits we also sits. 
He thinks he's people.
Friend's Dog Lost Near Lake Tahoe. Figured any exposure helps.
She lost her best friend to cancer last week.
I give you my vicious Husky Shepard mix and her favorite prey.
My GF and her dog Jazzy on their last night together. Some things never change. 
My friend for 13 years.  Last night he crawled under the bushes in the backyard and died.
Saw this little guy fast asleep at the pet store today.
Got laid off this morning. She knows its gonna be ok. 
Why I'm late to work
Caught it! ... Now what?
Old girl still loves the sun
9 months ago, no one thought she'd survive.  Happy first birthday to my sweet pup.
My old lady in her sweater! She's always cold.
My dog died in a hot car last weekend. Read my story, and may it never happen to you.
Toronto bans the sale of cats and dogs in pet stores
She ignored me all day, and then the second Reddit came back up... 
Just starting my shift and my Police Dog, Max decides to investigate my dinner.  
my dog when he realizes that i didn't throw the ball ...
My Family Member
This is my old man baby, he is 16 and has been by my side since I was 7!
This is Bo, he tries to be a good boy...and is handsome as well.
Just my little Ares.
"Where we going dad?"
My adorable new Fennec Fox
My mom's lazy cat, Ed White, thought it would be fun to play in the snow. This is him 3 minutes later.
My rescue cat and dog LOVE each other :-D
Jeremy, on the day his forever-home became official. 
My best friend ever.  RIP
My delusional dog believes he's a cat.
This is my old lady, Elli. She's 18.
The ultimate tribute to a deceased best friend 
Someone told me my dog is ugly :( Is she? I suppose I'm biased...
Send a picture of your dog and they'll make you a stuffed animal version!
My couch potato
Anyone have a small dog that does this? He actually got stuck and couldn't get out. Good thing we were there to witness it and help him out.
Walked in on my dogs taking a nap together...
Brittanie and her pig sister, Emma
They found her abandoned, shivering and malnutritioned. I believe Nala will one day save Pride Rock.
A Perfect Circle
Waiting for Dad.
My associates and I would like to have a word with you...
Poop.
He would not leave the house without his teddy
The highlight of his morning
I feel sorry for her, but I end up laughing every time I see her...
This lady does an amazing job at caring for the 150 animals at her no kill shelter, check out the before and afters, that last one made me cringe.
Uh.. My cat?
Some love for this little guy?
She was abandoned by mom, then abandoned by her foster, and then she peed on me. But I'm happy she's here. 
Hi, My name is Stevie, I'm a Maine Coon kitten, and I just had a bath
My guy can't figure out how to use the couch
My dog had to be put down today. My best friend for 12 years. RIP Hayley...
I took this picture of my boy the other day enjoying the nice weather. Today we found out the cancer that claimed his leg spread to his lungs, and there's nothing else we can do for him.
My little buddy is going through a rough time. Any love to spare?
My dog is so sarcastic. We banned him from sleeping on the couches, so in protest, for 3 days, he refused to sleep in his bed, and instead slept curled up in this small cardboard box.
This is Doobie... My friend's pup.
She's loved that puppy since she met him. 7 months later she still does.
The two girls I rescued. True love.
Her 12th Birthday. Been with me since 5th grade...now I'm in medical school.
Helped start an adoption center for a local animal rescue, only took 4 days to cave and bring one home.
Baltimore police officer got a call about a ‘vicious’ pit bull and this is what happened next
Someone liked their Christmas gift... 
Reddit please show some love to Daisy, my gorgeous new puppy :)
Brought my camera to the adoption center where I work. Meet Miles!
Kitten, this is why you can't have nice things.
Someone left this in my garage today...
He and his litter were found in Virginia, in a box, in the road with "hit me" written on it.  Now he is a loving pet &lt;3
If it fits, I sits. (My beautiful 10yo tux)
My team of rescues!
My Bulldog, Olive.
The best part of house sitting is getting to see a friend of 11 years
Heart. Melted.
This is Zal, my standard sized wire haired dachshund (sausage dog). Hope you like him!
What my Mom does to combat empty-nest syndrome.
i work at home. whenever i'm having a stressful or boring day, i can hear him sigh, i look to the left and everything is right in my world again.
After nearly 6 months on the road, my Sister-in-laws cat was found 12 miles from their house.  Here is he happily resting on the bed.
Just a pic of some sleeping hamsters I took while picking up dog food at Petco
We adopted Percy today! Here he is fresh from a bath.
Los Angeles adopted an ordinance making it the largest city in the U.S. to ban the sale of animals from puppy mills.
I give you my dog, Morris Excaliber. 
He joined our family one year ago!
People of pettit, every day you come here to complain there was "no love" for your pet on some other subreddit, "please upvote me here". It's not the pet, these pictures are generally of poor quality! 
This poor girl had her nose and jaw broken, and her canine teeth removed. Horrible! She's up for adoption. (cross post from r/wtf.)
He's like a brother to me, This is Maxwell after his haircut
Just a couple of best friends having the best slumber party ever...
Ferret/German shepherd: the infernal duo
This picture was an accident, and turned out perfect.
Malls in Phoenix will stop leasing to pet shops but will instead allow shelters and rescues to adopt out animals.
He found his way into our hearts. Here is Candy Corn on his first day home from the shelter.
I swear, he smiles like this every time he eats
He didn't get much love in r/aww, but he is an awesome and lovable dog, I thought you guys might like him!
This is Sega. I've had her for 15 years. Her kidneys are failing and she only has a few days left.
Woke up next to this monster *bedroom eyes*
Tamaskan puppy, 16 weeks old, doing a bit of exploring.
My kitty is on his way to the vet in the kennel. The other kitty didn't want his best friend going away.
My 14 year old dog died last month and this is my way of always remembering how awesome he was.
So we put this fence up to keep our tortise on the grass part of the yard. one morning we found him on the wrong side...
Got the kids a swimming pool, and they love it!
Should we adopt Diesel, the 6 mo old, 110 lb greatest Dane EVER?
She's harder to wake up than I am
Look who just moved in :-) Her brother is a bit shy and currently hiding...
Sneaky cat.
Reddit, my best friend of 14yrs just went in for an op that he may not survive (Vet has said 50/50). I am terrified and have been crying all morning - Please *please* cross your fingers for him! =(
Pic of the dog I rescued....she was found with BB's stuck in her head and body,turned out to be a great dog!!
Happy 15th Birthday to my wonderful Pete!
They were the BEST of Friends
She's always there to listen.
My most trusted advisors
My foster dog looks so handsome :) I'm so proud he held still for six seconds!
I cried like a baby while dropping this guy off at the vet this morning to get neutered. Anyone else get like this?
My 9 yr old ferret passed away tonight, found this pic of him afterwards. Old-man-ferret is suspicious of you.
Why must my dog love swamps?
My 7 month old puppy went swimming for the first time. He was so tired after that he slept like this for 6 hours and wouldn't budge
Before/After grooming. Not sure if mine or.....
He often questions his food.
Stray cat adopted by grandparents. Amazing whiskers!
Just my birds chillin' in a Christmas tree. (x-post from r/aww)
Honeybee loves taking showers with me!
Reddit, if one of your goals this year is to find a new pet to love...PLEASE adopt!  Many animals-even kittens and puppies-are killed each year in our nation's shelters.  Please be a hero to our strays and adopt.  What more can you ask for?  Please adopt and encourage others to adopt.  
pretty sure my dog and cat are dating
Chloe, my formerly feral Siamese. 
This is my dog Isla, she loves people and is now a registered Pets As Therapy dog visiting hospitals to brighten people's day.
Friend's dog is missing in Olathe, Kansas. His name is Tanner, he's 14, and is hard of hearing and seeing. Please keep an eye out for him.
First post? My dog.
They grow up so fast...  6 weeks to 6 months (same toy pictured for reference)
Dog falls into water, firefighters ready to give up search, but then...
This is my puppy Diane. In three months I will have to give her away. I am training her to become a guide dog for the blind. She will be missed.
Have a happy tail. How 3 lbs of fur changed my dad's life.
This is Onix. He's a good dog. 
My dog cost me over a $1000 in vet bills today when she got a bottle of my other dog's pills off the counter.  Somehow I can't stay mad at this face though.
Not three hours after adopting her... (x-post from aww)
This little beaut was found starving on a beach being kicked around by some kids and had mange. A friend took her home, got her fixed up and she's now chillin at my house...I think she might need to stay here!
My cat is an asshole. 
Got my roborovski dwarf hamster a new hut. I think he likes it!
Otis just loving life.
Relaxing with best friend
Every fucking time!
How can he even sleep like this...
It was mostly Ikea anyway. 
My brother got a puppy!  His name is Dexter and he's a Yellow Labrador Retriever.
San Diego Bans Pet Store Sales Of Dogs And Cats In Effort To Halt Puppy Mills
About 6 weeks ago I rescued a baby squirrel, his eyes weren't even open yet. Today I released him back into the wild. Seriously, one of the most sad days I've had in years. Here's one of the few pics I took of him while I had him.
Our westy 11 old years making the kibble. She still thinks that is a puppy
It's my Doggy's Cake Day!
If you can't afford to pay for your puppy in full, you probably can't afford to take care of it properly, either.
She feels asleep this way. She was eating her paw.
PETA Will Never Survive This One...
All the animals ready for bed
He refuses to wash in everything but the casserole dish.
Took Buddy to work with me last week. He went full derp.
Occupy r/pets!
Walked in on them....
Two years age difference, from different shelters in different parts of the state...yet look and act like littermates.
My cat is 12. This is her first time in a bathtub...I may have coerced her...
A very trusting little bird. ;) 
I know I have no fur, arms, or legs....but I can be cute too!
Just adopted this guy from the local shelter.  His name is Marlon.  He had an operation for a luxated patella, hence the dreaded cone.
My dragon has a wonderful sense of humor. 